@However, this restriction will not apply in the event of the occurrence (certified by the United States Centers for Disease Control or successor body) of a widespread viral infection transmitted via bites or contact with bodily fluids that causes human corpses to reanimate and seek to consume living human flesh, blood, brain or nerve tissue and is likely to result in the fall of organized civilization.

AWS does not provide legal or compliance advice. You are responsible for making your own assessment of whether your use of the Services meets applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.

@You have to be at least 13 years old to use Tumblr. We're serious: it's a hard rule, based on U.S. federal and state legistation. "But I'm, like, 12.9 uears old!" you plead. Nope, sorry. If you're younger than 13, don;t use Tumblr. Ask your parents for a Playstation 4, or try books.

We may sometimes ask you to review and to explicitly agree to (or reject) a revised version of this Agreement. In such cases, modifications will be effective at the time of your agreement to the modified version of this Agreement. If you do not agree at that time, you are not permitted to use the Services.

@Lessor shall provide birthday cake for Lessee(s) in the weekend closest to their birthdays, which are June 7 and February 17. Vanilla cake is not acceptable

@Should We wish to exercise this option, you agree to surrender your immortal soul, and any claim you may have on it, within 5 (five) working days of receiving written notification from gamesation.co.uk or one of its duly authorized minions

Leesee(s) shall have the full use and enjoyment of the premises but shall not use same in any hazardous manner or in such a manner as to cause any damage to the premises, to the other tenants or property of Lessor and shall not use same in a manner which shall constitute a crime.

